Synchronize Communication - it will execute in an order. eg : sender  ---> intermediate Service   ---> receiver
  in the Synch communication it will execute in the order and if the receiver went down, then the message will be lost. 
Asynchronize Communication - It will execute randomly through queues. eg : Sender ----> queue ------> receiver
  in the Asynch Communication, the sender don't need to bother about receiver.Message stored in queue and once the receiver is up. it will fetch from queue.
  Two types of Asynch communication, 
    SQS - Simple Queue Service.
    SNS - Simple Notification Service.
    Amazon MQ = SQS + SNS

SQS - Simple Queue Service
    Reliable, Scalable, fully-managed message queuing service.
    High availability
    Unlimited Scaling - Auto scale to process billions of messages
    Low cost
    SQS - is of two types:
      Standard Queue 
      FIFO Queue
    Standard Queue :
      Unlimited throughput
      But no guarantee of ordering 
      And no guarantee of exactly-once processing but guarantee atlest once delivery.
    FIFO Queue :
      First-In-First-Out delivery
      Exactly-Once processing but throughput is lower.
    
 SNS - Simple Notification Service. - similar to Kafka
    Publish-Subscribe (Pub_sub) paradigm
    broadcast Asynchronours event notifications
    Simple Process :
      Create an SNS Topic
      Subscribers can register for a Topic
      when SNS Topic receives an event notification, it is broadcast to all Subscribers.

Amazon CloudFront :  Different Sources (S3, EC2, ELB )   ------> Cloud Front  -------> Edge Location. 
      if we want to distribute content to all over the Globe, then we will go for edge location. 
      Create a CloudFront distribution to get the content from differnt AWS(below ) Service and to distribute the content to the edge locations. 
      CloudFront Used to distribute the data to edge locations. And source content can be from S3, EC2, ELB and External websites. 
      If the content is not available in the edge location, then it will retrive it from the above sources and cached it (default cache time 24 hr).
  UseCases : 
      Static web apps, audio, video and software downloads, Dynamic web apps
      support media streaming with HTTP and RTMP.
      Integrates with AWS Shield to protectg from DDoS attach
      Integrates with AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF)
      Zero cost for data transfer between S3 and CloudFront. 

Amazon Edge Locations : Amazon service has 200+ edge locations, to increase the delivery speed and reduce latency. 
    Different services uses Edge locations based on the need.
    Amazon CloudFront :- it will distribute your static content (audio, video, music) from different sources across global network of the edgeLocations. 
    Global Accelerator :- it intelligently routes the traffic to the nearest edge Locations to achive low latency.
    S3 Transfer Accelerator :- Accelerates long distance transfers to and from , from the S3 buckets. 

Route 53 : Used to route different request to the correct domain. 
    Generally, setting up a website involves these three steps
        1. Domain register
        2. Updating content to the site.
        3. Routing requests to the website using DNS.
    Route 53 = Domain Register + request routing (DNS)
  Different type of routings
Simple      - Maps a domain name to IP addresses.
Weighted    - Maps a single DNS name to multiple weighted resources like 10% to A and 90% to B
Latency     - Choose the one with the minimum latency
Failover    - Active-passive failover.
GeoProximity- Choose the nearest resource
GeoLocation - Choose based on the location of the user. (India go here, china go here)
