Relational Database - traditional database which has relations.
    OLTP - Online Transcational Process -  small no.of user performing larger no.of Operations. 
    OLAP - online Analytical Processing 

Amazon RDS _
  Pre-defined Schema, strong transcational capabilities, Complex queries. 
Features: 
    Multi AZ deployment
    Read Replicas : 
      Same Zone +
      Different Zone  ++
      Even Different region +++
  Storage autoscaling (upto mentioned config)
  Automated backups 
  Manual snapshots.

DynamoDB - Highly scalable massive read/write operations. like million of writes/second. 
AmazonS3 - Need to upload files uisng readAPI, Like Put, get
Custom Installation of DB - Heavy customization of the data or need access to EC2 instance. 

OLAP - Online Analytical Processing - Helps in analyzing petabytes of data. like data ware house apps, data intelligent apps,...
Data is in multiple dbs ,....

OLTP :   
  Each table row is stored together.
  Efficinet for processing small transcations
OLAP :
  Each table column is stored together.
  High compression - stores petabytes of data
  Distribute data - one table in multiple cluster nodes
  Execute single query accross multiple nodes. 

Amazon Redshift: 
  Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) - Storage and processing can be split bt multiple nodes
  Columnar data storage 
  High data compression
A single row of data can be stored in multiple nodes
A single query can be splitted to multiple nodes for execution
Start with a single node configuration and scales to maximum no of nodes
we can also dynamically add or remove nodes. 


Amazon EMR - Big data processing like Apache Spark, Hadoop, presto or Hbase to do large scale of data processing which needs high customization. 
Amazon RedShift - Run complex queries against data wharehouse both structure and unstructured data. 
Amazon RedShift Spectrum - Run queries against S3 and stored the entire data from s3 into warehouse.
Amazon Anthena - Running Ad-hoc queries without worring about the computer cluster (serverLess)


