Amazon SnowBall : Terabyte to PetaByte. Physicall tansfer
    Used to transfer (large set of data) dozens of terabye(tb) to  petaByte(PB) of data from ON-premises to AWS
    Involves physicall shipping (physical transfer ), involves simple process :-
        Request for Snowball 
        copy data 
        ship it back
    100TB (80 TB usable) per appliances.
    Manage jobs with AWS Snowball console
    Data is automatically encrypted with KMS (AEs-256)


Amazon SnowMobile : Petabyte to Exabytes. Physical transfer
    If I want to transfer dozend of petabytes to exabytes of data, from On-permises to AWS then I can use snowmobile.
    100 PB storage per truck
    if needed, we can use multiple truck to transfer the data physically.
    Data is encrypted with KMS(AES - 256)


Amazon DataSync : Transfer file storage to Cloud. Online transfer
    Secure and 10X faster (100s of TB) data transfer from/to AWS over internet or Direct Connect.
    Transfer from Onpremise file storage(NFS,SMB) to S3, EFS or FSx for windows.
    Monitor progress using Cloudwatch.

Amazon Data Pipeline : Used to process and move data between different resources. for stored data not for streaming data.
    Eg : RDS  -> S3 -> EMR -> S3 -> Redshift. moves data from RDS to Redshift. 
    Create complex data processing workloads that are fault tolerant, repeatable and highly available.
    Launches requied resource and delete it after execution. 

Amazon Database Migration : migrating databases from our Data center to AWS
      Homogenerous Migration - Oracle to Oracle
      Heterogeneous Migration - Oracle to Amazon aurora, sql to amazon aurora.
         In heterogeneous Migration there involves a service called Amazon Schema Conversion Tool (SCT)        
        while converting from one db type to another, first we need to convert hte schema using SCT. 
    Free for 6 month for redshift, aurora, dynamo DB.
    Continuous Data Replication can be used for Diaster recovery. 

Streaming Data :
Amazon Kinesis : Handles Streaming data.(alternate to Kafka) Differnet type of Kinesis is there based on the usage.
    Amazon Kinesis Data Streams - Process data streams.
    Amazon Kinesis Firehose     - Data ingestion/store for streaming data: S3, ElasticSearch
    Amazon Kinesis Analytics    - Run queries against Streaming data.
    Amazon Kinesis Video Stream - Monitor video streams.
