IaaS - Infrastructure as a Service (Computer, data Storage space, Networking features) eg: EC2
PaaS - Platform as a Service (all above, + application OS, runtime) we need to handle our code & app eg: ELB, ECS, RDS


* EC2 - Elastic Cloud Compute  (Virtual Servers)
    Create and manage lifecycle
    Attach Storage
    network connectivity 
    Load Balancing and Auto scaling
    * AMI - Amazon Machine Image - we can create the EC2 instance easily using AMI which decides the OS, Storage, application, server.
    Public Key - which will be stored by AWS
    Private key - which will be stored by us. 
    Comments for the server: 
        sudo su - > super user
        yum update -y -> to update all the software
        yum install httpd -> to install web server
        systemctl start httpd -> used to start webserver
        systemctl start httpd -> used to start automatically when system restart
* Security Groups - used to maintain what comes in and goes out. 
    Inbound rule - Indicates what request comes in like SSH, HTTP 
    Outbound rule - Indicates what request server makes to other servers.
* IP Address - Need to have Id address to access the instances. 
    Public IP - Access to the internet and changes everytime when start and stop the server
    Private IP - Access to the Corporate company - we cannt change the Private ip. 
    Elastic IP or Constant Public IP - we can make the public IP address also constant using this.
    Elastic IP can be switch between instance in the same region. 
    Elastic IP will cost even if it is not used, so we need to conciously stop it. 
* ELB - Elastic Load Balance (public / private)
    Distribute traffic across different EC2 instance, in the same/different zone in the single region. 
    - Classic Load balance - not recommended now
    - Application Load Balancer - hightly used - http/https (Layer 7)
    - Network Load Balancer - highly used - TCP, TLS & UDP (Layer 4)
    - Gateway Load Balancer - used to deploy, scale & run third party Virtual applicaitons.
Availablility 
    99.95 - 22 minutes/month
    99.99 - 4.5 minutes/month - four 9's
    99.999 - 26 seconds / months - five 9's
Scaling 
    Vertical Scaling - Increasing the size of Instance  from micro to max server -> o - 0
    Horizontal Scaling - Increasing the number of instance. -> ooooo
EC2 - Tanancy 
    Shared Tanancy - Single Host Machine can have instance of multiple Consumer.
    Dedicated Tanancy - Single Host Machine can have instances of Single consumer. 


    
